ancestor
I am the first disciple of Elder Ling Nian of Tianyuan Gate Lingyun Peak
Emperor
Talk too much, don't listen
Ancestor disciple inquiry
Is there anything you can teach me?
Body temperature tona
Isn't this the primary cultivation method we sent?
Pearl door grade
Tuana disciples have long learned
What does the ancestor mean?
lay a good foundation
Cut them to interview
Master, this ancestor has high hopes for you
All things are caused by worry
Thank you, Ancestor
Who's next?
Ancestor disciple Jiang Bailian
Ask the ancestors to teach the secrets
This is Nepenthes
Refining with different medicinal materials
You can get diluted treasures
This Hundred Herbs is even more of a secret recipe
Bai Lian, thank you, Ancestor
Next
Disciple Luo Shui Xin
This is Sweetheart Biquan Turbid
I've only seen it in books
I don't want to have the Seven Saints of the Ancestor thank the Ancestor today
Cooperation is indeed the winner
It's my sharp moves and neglect of defense
Grant me this automatic recovery of qi and blood
Tianxin Biquan turbid
In addition to the inner strength method, Yunsheng Fried Cape
Can catch lack of sleep
Thank you, Ancestor. Next
I got it.